What is it guys and all come back to now in this for you we're going to be working up a section right
here as we create it in the Privets video.
OK so I come here any two and two columns right here.
OK.
I want to add here.
OK let's just come here.
OK.
I want to come here I want to click here.
And I wanted to add two columns so here you can see that two columns has been added.
The first here is should be our goal and here should be an image.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to come here to the text
ok.
I'm going to add here I add slash and the one.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to add something right here.
Are Cool
is
is to make
every event the best ok.
There we go.
Now here I'm going to go to the design right here.
I'm going to go to the text so my text color is going to be a light.
OK.
I want to just come here.
I want to go to the sizing.
So let's basically come here and let's make this real full with ok cause what we want to make are for
but I want to go to the sizing right here and hit me with.
OK.
Now here it is.
I'm going to go I'm here down below.
I need to add a divider so my divider is going to be D.
The idea here.
Here we go.
Show divider.
I just came here to the design from here to the color and change it to be yellow.
OK.
I want to go to the sizing right here.
I want to increase it to be two and all it's just come here to the vet.
So let's increase it to crease it cool.
I want to go to this spacing right here.
Let's go to the margins.
I want it to be a bit above 7.
I'm going to select 15 15 25 and if I looks school when I'm here I'm going to hit OK.
And you can see everything looks pretty cool right here.
OK.
Let's change descaler to be this cool.
I wanted to decrease it a bit more.
Cross like here.
OK.
Now here I want to add any image so I'm going to go to the dot com OK and I want to just add transparent.
And I want to choose event search so
we can address if we want to or
this one.
I'm going to come here I'm going to get free download.
Let's just hit this download and here this is being downloaded.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here.
I'm going to add an image right here.
Let's go to the image.
Let's click here and let's like.
Upload your.
Want to drag and drop a tray here.
This should be uploaded.
And once this is I'm going to upload so you can see this images right coming here.
OK.
Now here what I have to do I have to go to the design the sizing the video should be small and it should
be aligned to left the center.
Increase it a bit
here.
You can see it is looking pretty cool.
OK.
Now here what I want to do I want to add something.
So I want to add a text right here.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to click this and I want to go to the text right here.
Let's get to here.
Let's add a text.
Let's paste and copy.
Copy and paste this copy and paste.
So here we go.
I think I want to just scroll to the design the text.
Some scholars are going to be polite and that's all I want to make it justified.
I want to go down and I want to choose just to fight.
OK.
So you can see this is now coming totally ok.
I'm going to click here I'm going to go to the image right here.
And everything looks cool till here.
So let's just see if this image doesn't look bad on mobile devices.
OK.
So we're totally done still here.
I'm just going to go here.
I need some spacing from the left side too.
I need to bring this to heater and this too here.
Oh it's the one thing.
OK.
What's going on here.
Give me here and let's just it to design the spacing.
Sorry to say using Make it doesn't mean don't make it full with
OK.
Use the custom.
The custom got to read and change it to to at looks cool.
Let's click here.
And here we go.
So I want to just give some more spacing to the divider.
So when I come here I want to go to the design sizing and sorry the spacing.
And I want to change it to be 20 pixel 15 looks cool quick here and let's just come here to the image.
Let's go to the design right here.
Let's go to this izing and let's change it let's just increase it a bit.
OK so everything looks cool.
By here he can see all we have are who we are S..
And then we have this.
Our goal is to make everything.
And then we have other Starret about.
So what we're But what we can do add below is that we can add some statistics about our companies how
many employees are working there and Vought are we doing now what age is in something like that.
So when the next video will be doing that.